README.md, before:

# Toxic Swamp

> Monero/Aeon Web Miner add-on module for After Dark.

[![Latest NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/toxic-swamp.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/toxic-swamp)
[![NPM downloads per month](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/toxic-swamp.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/toxic-swamp)
[![Minimum After Dark version](https://img.shields.io/badge/after%20dark->%3D%206.13.0-000000.svg?style=flat-square)](https://git.habd.as/comfusion/after-dark/)

## Screenshot

[![Screenshot of Toxic Swamp](https://jhabdas.keybase.pub/after-dark-v6.15.0-homepage-fs8.png "Toxic Swamp running on the After Dark homepage")](https://after-dark.habd.as)

## Demo

View an [interactive demo](https://after-dark.habd.as) and [read the docs](https://after-dark.habd.as/module/toxic-swamp/).

## Setup

[Create Your Own Proxy](https://after-dark.habd.as/module/toxic-swamp/#create-your-own-proxy) if you would like to mine outside [The Fire Swamp](https://after-dark.habd.as/module/toxic-swamp/#the-fire-swamp).

## Installation

1. Choose a module download source:
    - https://www.npmjs.com/package/toxic-swamp
    - https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/toxic-swamp
    - https://git.habd.as/comfusion/toxic-swamp

2. Extract module contents into site `themes` directory:

    ```sh
    ├── static
    └── themes
        ├── after-dark
        └── toxic-swamp
    ```

3. Specify module in site config:

    ```toml
    theme = [
      "toxic-swamp", # sequence before "after-dark"
      "after-dark"
    ]
    ```

4. Miner now functional. Rebuild and serve your site to view the changes.

For release verification and additional info see the [Toxic Swamp help docs](https://after-dark.habd.as/module/toxic-swamp/).

## License

Module code under `data`, `layouts` and `static` licensed under WTFPL. See copyright notices within files in other directories for additional licensing considerations.

Commit message:

docs(package/readme): update installation

README.md, after:

# Toxic Swamp

> Monero/Aeon Web Miner add-on module for After Dark.

[![Latest NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/toxic-swamp.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/toxic-swamp)
[![NPM downloads per month](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/toxic-swamp.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/toxic-swamp)
[![Minimum After Dark version](https://img.shields.io/badge/after%20dark->%3D%206.13.0-000000.svg?style=flat-square)](https://git.habd.as/comfusion/after-dark/)

## Screenshot

[![Screenshot of Toxic Swamp](https://jhabdas.keybase.pub/after-dark-v6.15.0-homepage-fs8.png "Toxic Swamp running on the After Dark homepage")](https://after-dark.habd.as)

## Demo

View an [interactive demo](https://after-dark.habd.as) and [read the docs](https://after-dark.habd.as/module/toxic-swamp/).

## Setup

[Create Your Own Proxy](https://after-dark.habd.as/module/toxic-swamp/#create-your-own-proxy) if you would like to mine outside [The Fire Swamp](https://after-dark.habd.as/module/toxic-swamp/#the-fire-swamp).

## Installation

1. Choose a module download source:
    - https://www.npmjs.com/package/toxic-swamp
    - https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/toxic-swamp
    - https://git.habd.as/comfusion/toxic-swamp

2. Extract module contents into site `themes` directory:

    ```sh
    ├── static
    └── themes
        ├── after-dark
        └── toxic-swamp
    ```

3. Specify module in site config:

    ```toml
    theme = [
      "toxic-swamp", # sequence before "after-dark"
      "after-dark"
    ]
    ```

4. Miner now functional. [Read the docs](https://after-dark.habd.as/module/toxic-swamp/) for help configuring.

For release verification and additional info see the [Toxic Swamp help docs](https://after-dark.habd.as/module/toxic-swamp/).

## License

Module code under `data`, `layouts` and `static` licensed under WTFPL. See copyright notices within files in other directories for additional licensing considerations.
